[Music]
if you walk fast and holding your head
up with confidence
then you're a very focused person and a
great problem solver
if you walk with your head held high
your shoulders back and chest
forward then you're very sociable you
like spending time with people
you're confident around them and like
the appreciation
you also like a challenge and can be
easily bored
if you walk at an average pace and have
your posture relaxed
then you're a calm person you tend to
focus more on
others rather than on yourself and
you're easily influenced
if you walk at a medium pace but with
confident strides
then you're very cooperative also you're
a great listener
you're likely to be loyal and a bit
dependent on others
if you walk slowly take slow steps and
keep your head lowered
then you're likely to be introverted and
shy
if you cross your arms then you like to
be alone
or you're vulnerable another way to
learn more about a person
is to have a dinner with them and pay
attention to their eating habits
people who eat slowly are not in a rush
and like to enjoy their food
the same applies to life they prefer to
take the most out
of every moment of their life in work
they value
quality over speed
[Music]
fast eaters love to do everything
quickly they're good at meeting the
deadlines and multitasking
they also put other people's needs
before their own
and don't have enough time for
themselves if a person eats
one kind of food at a time and doesn't
like the food to be mixed up
they're very organized and like to keep
everything tidy
they like to think things through and
are very detail-oriented
on the other hand if a person mixes up
all the food and eats it together
they're likely an open and friendly
person if someone likes to try new and
exotic food
they're likely to do so in life too
they're open to new experiences
like to take risks are very brave and
never bored
or boring if a person eats very loudly
they tend to enjoy themselves they know
exactly what they want and go for it
careless of what others think they're
just marching to the beat of their own
drum
and finally if a person cuts everything
into pieces before eating
it's someone who likes everything
planned they like to think
forward and tend to have big
expectations dream big
and work hard to get exactly what they
want
just one note written by you is enough
to get some impression
so let's look at your handwriting what's
the size of your letters
if they're small then you're likely to
be a shy and concentrated person
if the letters are average then you're
easy going and flexible
and if the letters are large then you're
outgoing and love attention
now let's turn to spacing if you leave a
lot of space between the words then you
value your freedom
if the space is narrow then you don't
like to be alone
look at your slant if your letters are
straight then you're a very practical
person that doesn't let their emotions
go before their mind
if you slant the words to the right then
you're open-minded and like meeting new
people
and if they're slanted to the left then
you like to be on your own
on top of that if you're right-handed
left slant
might mean that you're a rebel finally
pay attention to the speed of your
writing
if you write slowly then you're very
organized if you write fast
then you're impatient and don't like
wasting time
we can also learn a lot about a person
by simply looking at their social media
profile
people who thoroughly fill in their
profile answer all the questions and
provide every detail are very open
privacy settings perfectly reflect how
much people are comfortable with sharing
with others
people who have many friends on social
media are usually self-conscious
and tend to have low self-esteem they
have many friends because they're trying
to compensate
and appear to be popular on social media
people who post a lot
as well as those who like comment or
share a lot are
extroverts but if the person posts a lot
of self-promotional content
like selfies they're likely to be
narcissistic
the same goes for those who update their
status very often
it means the person is trying to promote
themselves and is
seeking admiration next music
music is actually a very intimate thing
because it speaks to the soul
so music tastes can tell a lot people
who like classical music and opera
tend to have high self-esteem and are
very creative
the same applies to jazz and blues
lovers but those are also
calm and outgoing country music lovers
are hard working and sociable
pop music lovers are hardworking and
outgoing but they're not creative and
tend to be a little haughty
rock and heavy metal lovers are usually
introverted
but creative they have low self-esteem
and are
a bit on the lazy side those fond of
dance music are sociable and creative
rap lovers like to chat a lot but tend
to look down on others
but even seemingly tiny things can mean
a lot
like the way you keep your toilet paper
for example
if you keep it in the overhand then
you're likely to be dominant
if you prefer it in the underhand
position then you're submissive
we spent a lot of time on our
smartphones so
there's no wonder some habits of using
it can tell a lot about you too
do you hold it scroll and type using
just one hand
if so you're a very confident person who
reaches their goals
but in relationships you probably like
to take your time to decide if the
person is right for you
so you may appear reserved to others
now if you hold your phone in one hand
and work with the other's thumb
then you're reasonable and smart you
carefully think through before doing
something
and like to take things into account
before making a decision
again it's the opposite in relationships
here you tend to make unthoughtful
decisions and can be very judging
if you use your index finger to work on
the phone then you're probably very
creative
in romantic relationship you're shy and
it's hard for you to create the bonds
finally if you use both your hands to
hold your phone and work on it
then you're quick-witted and prefer to
make your decisions
fast you're a flexible and well-adapted
person who can quickly get used to any
conditions
but it's not so handy in the matters of
love
your assertiveness might scare the
person so you often
fail to get closer to them the way you
take a selfie
also matters if you take it from below
then you're an agreeable person
if you don't like to reveal your
background and carefully choose a spot
for a picture
then you're meticulous if you smile or
laugh
while taking a picture then you're a
very open person and
finally duck face is typical for a bit
neurotic people
let's now talk about the way you eat
your pizza very important
let's start with the weirdest way those
who eat the crust first
those people if they even exist
obviously are
very dramatic and love getting attention
people that eat pizza with a fork and
knife are very loyal and reliable
and they like to follow the rules people
who fold their pizza before biting are
very efficient
like to take risks and also get bored
easily
and if you just bite your pizza from the
side of the angle
you're a perfectionist who prefers to do
things right
now how do you write the x letter
surprisingly there's as many as eight
ways to do it
if you write it the first two ways
you're focused on the past that hold you
and doesn't make you go forward if your
way is the third one
you're probably a rebel the fourth way
means you're looking to the future
but some part of you still holds you
back in the past
the fifth way of writing indicates
you're very independent and like to do
everything your own way
if you write it like number six then
you're a trendsetter
the seventh way is considered to be the
most efficient and the right way of
writing the letter
so if you do it like this you prefer to
follow the norms
and like having balance in your life and
if you do it as in number eight
then you're likely to be a person who
thinks outside the box
interestingly the way kids react to a
person can also tell a lot about the
personality
little children don't judge anyone by
their looks their way of thinking
or education so they're way harder to
mess
up than with adults instead children
draw their opinions based on people's
body language and face expressions
which are way harder to control so if
kids like you
then you must be a very nice person take
it as a compliment